Lk combine shard metrics (#1215)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/Pipelines/Optimus_Pipeline/README.md

| cell_metrics | `<input_id>.cell-metrics.csv.gz` | Matrix of metrics by cells. | Compressed CSV |
| gene_metrics | `<input_id>.gene-metrics.csv.gz` |  Matrix of metrics by genes. | Compressed CSV |
| aligner_metrics | `<input_id>.star_metrics.tar` | Tarred metrics files produced by the STARsolo aligner; contains align features, cell reads, summary, and UMI per cell metrics files. | TXT |

> | library_metrics | `<input_id>_library_metrics.csv` | CSV file with all library-level metrics calculated from STARsolo for gene expression data. | CSV |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| library_metrics | `<input_id>_library_metrics.csv` | Optional CSV file containing all library-level metrics calculated with STARsolo for gene expression data. | CSV |
```
